cfp/8: Add CybelAngel GKE NAT talk (#5)
sre-paris/meetups: cfp/#7/gke-nat.md

__title__: Building Custom NAT for GKE

__expected time__ : 15/20m

> __abstract__: GCP offers a powerfull but expansive Cloud NAT product which is fully managed. After several months using it, it appears its cost was too high for this feature simple feature. We dedide to build our own NAT gateway on top of our GKE cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__abstract__: GCP offers a powerful but expansive Cloud NAT product which is fully managed. After several months using it, it appears its cost was too high for this feature simple feature. We decided to build our own NAT gateway on top of our GKE cluster.
```

Author: Integrated :)
